*label StartChapter6

You head to the infirmary to make sure (injured character) is ok. Everyone told you they would be fine but you were overcome with thoughts of Reese and that night. Worst-case scenarios flooded your mind through the night so you eventually decided to just go over and make sure everything was ok yourself. 

*if CH5d_injured = "Riva"
    You quietly open the door and see Riva lying in bed. You panic for a moment before realizing that she is just asleep. You quietly take a seat next to her bed, calming down and seeing that she is in fact okay. Riva gently stirred from her slumber. She notices you and is startled at first as she wasn’t expecting any visitors.
    
    “Riva, are you alright? That worm looked nasty!” (You) 
    
    “Yeah I- I’m fine.” (Riva)
    
    “Are you sure? You literally had to be hospitalized.” (You)
    
    “I’m fine, don't wait up for me, I'll be out of here in no time.” (Riva)
    
    “Yeah but that worm looked like a killer or something with all those spines and those teeth, you saw those teeth right? Those things looked like they could shred even the most divine armor! And those teeth were munching up your arm and there was blood everywh-” (You)
    
    *page_break
    
    You notice that you are overwhelming Riva with everything you are saying. She looks nervous and sort of frightened. 
    
    “Oh, sorry was I talking too much or uhh-” (You)
    
    “No no no you’re alright it’s just that I’m not really used to people visiting me in the infirmary let alone someone with as much energy as you.” (Riva)
    
    “Not used to being visited in the infirmary? Does this happen often?” (You)
    
    "Yeah, but it’s no big deal.” (Riva)
    
    “Right? Anyway are you sure that you are going to be ok from the whole worm situation? It did knock you out after all.” (You)
    
    *page_break
    
    “I’m quite alright, nothing more than just a common mockworm. With just a little treatment I should be back on my feet in no time”
    
    “Don’t worry I’ll get rid of those little critters, I do have experience hunting down invasive pests regardless of what anyone says.”
    
    “Aw, that's sweet but I’m going to have to ask you not to do that. You see these mockworks look like they don’t belong but they are as important to the ecosystem as a common bee. You wouldn’t kill a spider just because it’s venomous, would you? They help us and they help the environment”
    
    You nod your head nervously as you ponder all the spiders you have murdered in the past.

*elseif CH5d_injured = "Cel"
    You knock on the door and hear a, “Come in.” 
    
    Walking inside you see Cel sitting up in bed reading a book. She has a bandage wrapped around her head. You quietly walk in and sit down next to her bed. 
    
    “How’s your head?” You ask. 
    
    “A lot better now than it was earlier. I should be fine by morning.” She says while gently setting her book down. 
    
    “That’s a relief.” You relax upon hearing this. 
    
    “How come you are up so late?” She asks. 
    
    “I couldn’t sleep. Honestly… I was worried about you.” You respond. 
    
    “That is sweet of you. I am ok now but you look like you need more sleep.” She points at you. 
    
    You scratch the back you your head. “I suppose your right. Good night.” 
    
    “Good night.” She replies as you walk out. 
    
*elseif CH5d_injured = "Ivy"
    You walk into the infirmary and see Ivy sulking in her bed. 
    
    “What.” She says curtly. 
    
    “I just wanted to check in on how you were doing?” You respond. 
    
    “Oh you know just got clocked in the head by a massive ogre so I’m doing great!” She replies sarcastically. 
    
    You stand there nervously trying to gauge how serious she’s being. She eventually sighs.
    
    “I’m doing fine. Loosen up a little its not the end of the world.” She rolls her eyes.
    
    *page_break
    
    You slouch down in the chair next to the bed and relax knowing that she’s doing much better. 
    
    “Didn’t you have a book with you on Ogres? Couldn’t find any info in time?” She asks. 
    
    “I did try to warn you but you didn’t listen.” Your eyebrow twitches slightly. 
    
    “No you didn’t I would’ve notic-” she pauses “Wait is that why you put your arm out?” 
    
    “I thought that was obvious?” You deadpanned 
    
    “Say something next time! I thought you were just being overly protective.” She rolls her eyes.
    
    *page_break
    
    “Why would I do that? You seem like you can handle yourself just fine.” You state. 
    
    Ivy looks somewhat shocked by the compliment. “Thanks…” 
    
    “Well except for the ogre.” You say. 
    
    She punches you in the arm. After a short laugh, you wish her good night and head back to your room for the night. 

*page_break

The next day you are eating a meal with the group. You all have some lighthearted chatter during your meal. Everything is going well until someone runs in with a letter and hands it to Cel. She thanks them and then opens the letter. Her expression gets serious as she looks through it. 

“What is it?” Asks Berthold. 

“Lindow is having trouble with rot and has requested help from the church,” Cel responds. She folds the letter and puts it back in the envelope. 

“Alright, we are going to need to start forming a group to go take care of the rot. I’ll start with everyone here. Who would like to join this mission?” Cel asks. 

Everyone immediately raises their hands. They all have a serious look on their faces. You are the only one who still hasn’t responded. They all turn and look at you. 

*fake_choice
    #"I'm in"
        The group nods in approval. 
        
        “Alright then. Let’s get to work.” Says Cel. 

    #"If I have to I guess...
        
        The group gives you a disapproving look. 
        
        “You do not have to but the help would be much appreciated,” Cel says gently. 
        
        “Alright, I’ll help.” You sigh. 
        
        The group starts moving to get ready for the journey. 

You go to pack your stuff. You quickly gather all of your things for the journey and finish rather quickly. There wasn’t a lot to pack so it went rather fast. You decide to go help out someone else with their packing. 

Who do you help?
*fake_choice
    #Riva
        You knock on Riva’s door and hear a quiet “come in.’ You walk into the room and see an open bag on her bed. Riva is standing in front of it and seems to be deep in thought. 
        
        “I finished packing early and thought I’d see if anyone needed help.” You say. 
        
        She glances at you but seems too nervous to speak what's on her mind. You slowly walk over and notice that the bag is empty. She hasn’t packed anything at all. You stand there for a moment trying to figure out how to bring it up. 
        
        “I’m not sure what to pack…” She murmurs. 
        
        “Don’t worry! I can help you get the essentials.” You confidently say. 
        
        You go around the room and start giving advice on different things she should pack. You help her fit things into her bag.
        
        *page_break
        
        “Have you never traveled before?” You ask. 
        
        She stands there silently. She seems slightly uncomfortable. 
        
        “I didn’t mean to pry just trying to start a conversation…” You nervously laugh. 
        
        “It's ok… I haven’t really left the church is all…” Her volume is just barely above a whisper. 
        
        “Well, I hope that I can help make your first trip a good one.” You smile at her. 
        
        Riva gives you a small smile back and you continue to quietly pack together. 

    #Cel
        You peek into Cel’s room and see her packing stuff on her bed. You knock a bit on the door before heading inside. 
        
        “I finished packing and was wondering if you wanted any help?” 
        
        “Sure. Can you fold those clothes for me?” Cel asks. 
        
        You nod and then head over to the pile and begin folding. The two of you work on packing together in a comfortable silence. She glances over and frowns slightly. 
        
        “Is something wrong?” You ask. 
        
        “There’s a better way to show you. Here.” She holds out her hand. 
        
        You give her the clothing and she shows you the proper way to fold it. After learning to properly fold clothes you both finish packing. 

    #Ivy
        You pass by Ivy’s door where you hear someone raising their voice and punching something. You peek your head in and see Ivy trying to punch her bag closed. You cautiously walk over to her. 
        
        “Need some help?” You gently ask. 
        
        “No! I’ve got it!” She glares. 
        
        You let her punch the bag a few more times and then she gives up when all the clothes spill out. 
        
        “Fine, you win! How do I fix this?” Ivy huffs. 
        
        You walk over and look at the mess of clothes. You start taking everything out. 
        
        “Hey, I just put that in!” Ivy yells. 
        
        *page_break
        
        “If we fold the clothes it should fit. Right now they’re stuffed in and that’s why they aren’t fitting.” You explain. 
        
        Ivy opens her mouth to argue but then closes it. She walks over and starts helping you fold the clothes. After a while, everything fit comfortably into the bag. 
        
        “Maybe you aren’t an idiot.” She murmurs. 
        
        “What was that?” You quickly turn to her. 
        
        “Don’t worry about it.” She responds. 
        
        You guys exchange goodbyes and then you leave the room. 
        
    #Winfred
        You hear some yelling in the distance so you go and investigate. You come across Winfred who was just hyping themselves up
        
        “Hey! You!” (Windfred)
        
        Windfred calls you over but you freeze up, intimidated by his sheer mass. His arms are like canons with smaller cannons stacked on top of them and this living, breathing, walking embodiment of a siege weapon is approaching you. The closer he gets the more you tense up.
        
        *if CH5d_injured = "Riva"
            "Hey what's the matter? You got worms in your ears or something? HA! HA!" Winfred laughs.
            
        *elseif CH5d_injured = "Cel"
            "Hey what's the matter? Did you get clubbed in the head by that ogre as well? HA! HA!" Winfred laughs.
        *elseif CH5d_injured = "Ivy"
            "Hey what's the matter? Did you get clubbed in the head by that ogre as well? HA! HA!" Winfred laughs.
            
        *page_break
        
        You nod your head nervously without even thinking.
        
        “Hey come on little buddy be my sparing partner real quick.” *Pats your back* (Winfred)
        
        It feels like your soul got knocked out of you with that pat on the back. You also agree once again since you’re too nervous to answer with anything else. You’re basically trembling at this point even as the narrator I feel bad for you.
        
        “Alright get into your position, (character name)? Was it? (Winfred)
        
        “Y-yeah” (You)
        
        “Alright on your go! Be ready! I’m not gonna go easy on you!” (Winfred)
        
        “R-r-ready.” (You)
        
        *page_break
        
        As Winfred rushes at you it almost feels like time has come to a complete stop. You’re given time to think about your life leading up to this moment; the people you’ve helped, you’ve lost and you begin to think that none of that led to this moment, you were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
        
        Before you know it Winfred hits you with the biggest charge imaginable and you get launched across the field slamming into a nearby tree. You lie on the ground for a minute with every bone in your body feeling like they’re in the wrong place until Windfred comes over and lifts you back onto your feet.
        
        “Sorry about that little buddy. I think I might have overdone it a little, but that burning spark in your eyes made me think you could take it. Look at you now though! You’re still standing that's got to account towards something right? HA! HA! *pats your back again* (Windfred)
        
        You fall this time when he hits your back the wind is knocked out of you but your bones feel normal again at least.

    #Berthold
        You come across Berthold in a field. He’s just sitting there. You keep watching to see what he’s doing but he’s completely still. You ask someone in the vicinity and they tell you he is just meditating. 
        
        You approach him regardless.
        
        “Berthold! How are you doing. I was just in the area and was wondering if you needed any help with anything.” (You)
        
        “...” (Berthold)
        
        “Uhh heh heh, hello?” (You)
        
        “...” (Berthhold)
        
        *page_break
        
        At this point, you feel like you should leave but you feel too awkward so you try to save it.
        
        “Soooo about this weather, pretty nice right?” (You)
        
        “...” (Berthhold)
        
        “This upcoming mission am I right?” (You)
        
        “...” (Berthhold)
        
        “Do you like oranges?” (You)
        
        “...” (Berthold)
        
        *page_break
        “Do you like anything?” (You)
        
        “Pretty big jump from oranges to everything don’t you think?” (Berthold)
        
        “HA! I got you to talk!” (You)
        
        “...” (Berthold) 
        
        You sigh in disappointment and begin to walk off.
        
        “Well if you need anything just come talk to me” (You)
        
        “...” (Berthold)
        
*page_break

Later that day, you are walking down the hall when you see someone run past looking nervous. You stop them to ask what’s going on.

“The Zealot is coming.” She says before running off. 

You couldn’t help but be caught off guard by the statement. He was the most well-known member of the church everyone has heard of him at least once. You decide to go investigate.

*page_break

You walk down to the entrance of the church only to find more people scrambling around to prepare for his entrance. Everyone is trying to make sure things look perfect when suddenly the doors begin opening. The room goes silent as everyone looks upon him. 

There is the Zealot. He is wearing bright shiny armor that glimmers in the light. He confidently strides into the church with his head held high. The church members bow their heads in respect but you could not take your eyes off the man. He had an air about him that just made it impossible to take your eyes off of him. Before you know it he begins walking right towards you. 

“Are you a new member?” He asks you.

*page_break

You hold your breath unsure of how to respond. The words get stuck in your throat and so all you can do is nod. 

“Welcome.” He puts his hand on your shoulder. “I hope to see you at the mission meeting.” 

Before you can even comprehend what's happening he walks off. This was the man from all the stories and legends, you had no doubts now. If he was helping you on your mission then everything will go smoothly. You begin to feel much more confident about the mission. 

*page_break

When you head into the room and take a seat at the big round table. Most of the people you know are there but a few people are still wandering in. Everyone is talking and settling in when the door bursts open. Everyone goes quiet as the Zealot strides in and stands near the big empty chair. He smiles at everyone. You gaze at the amount of charisma and confidence he wields. 

“As you all know, the town of Lindow is getting infected with rot. We head for the village tomorrow at dawn. When we get there we will split into two teams. I will lead the team that will defend against the monsters. Cel will lead the team using magic to kill off the Rot. Use this meeting to decide which group you will be joining.”

*page_break

Everyone begins to move around the room. People are quickly picking groups and talking to people. You don’t think you’ll be much help on the magic team so you go over to the Zealot’s fighting team. The people there pat your shoulder and welcome you to the team. 

Winfred and Ivy are joining that group so you quickly stand near them. The Zealot goes over some quick plans and strategies for how they will go about the fight in the town. It’s hard for you to follow but you pick up enough to keep up. 

Eventually, the Zealot dismisses everyone and you head back to your room to sleep.

*page_break

Everyone leaves at dawn and begins heading to the village. You arrive at nightfall and everyone starts setting up camp. After setting up your spot in the campsite you head over to the fire to find the Zealot sitting there. You debate for a second about heading over when the Zealot turns and smiles at you. He pats the spot next to him so you go sit next to him. 

You realize this is your chance to ask the Zealot some questions. 

*fake_choice
    #Ask about plan.
        “Could you elaborate on the plan a little more for me? This is my first time doing something like this and I want to make sure I do it right.” You ask. 
        
        The Zealot smiles, happy that you are so dedicated to doing the mission well. He pulls out a map and begins to explain some of his strategies for combatting the rot. He tells you to make sure to prioritize the villager's safety. Then he starts giving you tips on how to fight the monsters. 
        
        He offers to teach you some sword tricks and you quickly accept. The two of you spar late into the night. You learn more about using a sword from him than you ever have before. During one of your spars, you fall on the ground. 
        
        “Not bad.” The Zealot reaches out a hand. 
        
        “Thanks!” You grab his hand and stand up.
        
        *page_break
        
        Zealot teaches you a few moves
        
        After, you guys put away your weapons and go sit down. You wipe the sweat from your brow and the zealot hands you some water. You thank him and take a few sips. 
        
        “Soooo where’d you learn to wield a sword like that?” You ask. 
        
        “Back in the small town I lived in, there was a master swordsman. He was retired but occasionally I would watch him train and then try to imitate him. One day he caught me messing around with a sword when I really wasn’t supposed to. I thought I was done for but instead of getting in trouble, he showed me how to use it. We began training together and that’s how I learned to master the sword. Of course, experience in real fights helped a lot as well.” He chuckles. 
        
        You stare up at him in wonder. He smiles and then wishes you good night. 

    #Ask about him.
        “If I may…Could you tell me a bit about yourself?” You ask. 
        
        You realize that sounds a little out of nowhere so you quickly add, “Sorry if that’s a bit straightforward I’ve just heard so much about you and I guess I’m curious about the man behind the stories.” 
        
        He cuts you off with a laugh. “You’re fine ${name}. Not many have the courage to be quite so straightforward. I think it’s admirable.” 
        
        “Thank you, sir.” You straighten up.
        
        “Oh uhhh… thank you, Alaric,” you respond.
        
        *page_break
        
        “Back when I was younger I had a brother and he was like my best friend. He had bright red hair and looked just like our mother. We did everything together but then one day he…” Alaric looks off into the distance. 
        
        “You don’t have to-” You say.
        
        “No, it’s ok.” He interrupts “He passed away, I lost him to the rot. I started going to the church. I used it as motivation to become what I am today.” He looks up at the night sky. 
        
        “I also lost a dear friend to the rot. I’ll help you get rid of it.” You smile at Alaric. 
        
        “Thank you, (player)” He smiles back at you. 
        
        After sharing a moment with each other you head to bed. 

    #Ask about the weather.
        “Sooo that weather huh?” You ask nervously. 
        
        “The weather is clear which will be good for the mission.” He gives you a look. 
        
        You both sit awkwardly in silence for a while. Eventually, the Zealot stands up and starts walking away. He takes one more look at the scenery. He stands there for a while and really takes in.
        
        “Hey, Alaric, are you alr-” (You)
        
        “The weather was very similar to this the night I lost my wife to the rot.” (Zealot)
        
        *page_break
        
        You can feel your heart along your stomach sink as the weight of his words hits you like the force of an ogre hitting you with its club.
        
        “It was also the same night I lost my son and daughter… I couldn’t save all three of them, I couldn’t save even one.” (Zealot)
        
        You wonder why he is opening up to you like this. You feel like you shouldn’t be here as he speaks be he just keeps going.
        
        “I tried protecting my wife from the rot but I was too late, she was already being corrupted… I had to drive a knife through her skull to prevent her from fully turning. All I had at the time was some rusty knife I found on the floor; you know how hard it is to drive a rusty knife through a human skull? I thought that was going to be the hardest thing I would have to do in my life, but that couldn’t be further from the truth.” (Zealot)
        
        *page_break
        
        “I saw my daughter cornered by jackaloids, I bolted towards her, I grabbed each and every one of those little beasts and tore them to shreds, but by the time I got to her, it was too late. She was already wounded heavily by them, meaning my daughter, my little girl, would turn into one of those things any minute. My knife broke in the midst of fighting those jackaloids so I had to hold her in my arms while she was asking me if she was going to be okay. I told her she was as I squeezed her tightly until her neck broke to prevent her suffering from becoming one of those things.” (Zealot)
        
        You progressively get more anxious and disturbed as Alaric keeps talking. Again you are wondering why he is talking so much about such a sensitive time in his life not only because you pretty much just met the guy but since you only mentioned the weather.
        
        “My son was the only one left. He was too young to understand the situation… He went up to his deceased mother, the same mother he witnessed me murder, and tried to comfort her or save her, I don’t know what he was doing, but I tried telling him to get away since the rot was still consuming her corps, but that didn’t work… the rot clung onto him, there was nothing I could do. Then the Jackaloids got to him. I was frozen, I didn’t know what to do. I knew he was a goner but I couldn’t just not do anything, I also couldn’t just drop my daughter's deceased corps. When the dust settled the only remains of my son was a mangled corpse. I still had to make sure he was dead just to make sure.” (Zealot)
        
        “Yeah, those, uhh, those Jackaloids can be a pain when growing up I had a friend, his name was Reese.” 
        
*page_break

The next day you all wrap up camp and head into the town. The group marches into the town. Eventually, the Zealot who is leading at the front stops and turns around to the group. He begins his speech. 

“You are all here today because of Sigel’s guiding light. You have come from far and wide to defend the defenseless in this time of encroaching darkness. Know this, brave warriors, Sigel favors those who serve under his light. Your names will be remembered as defenders of the peace and adversaries of the forces of Skadon. Do not waiver in the face of this darkness for dawn will always follow the darkest night.”

Everyone cheers at the speech and prepares for battle. 

Before you know if the fight has begun around you. You raise your sword and begin fighting monsters.

*page_break

(Fight)

*page_break

In the midst of the battle, you notice a stray civilian being attacked by a monster. You quickly rush over and block the monster's attack. 

“Go!” You shout at the civilian. 

The civilian quickly runs away and gets to safety. You breathe a sigh of relief but you still have to handle this monster. At first, you think it's not a problem. After all, you’ve been fighting for a while and seem to be getting the hang of it. However, the monster quickly begins to overpower you. 

You might lose this fight. It might be the end. You begin to panic but you keep fighting. The sword gets knocked out of your hand. You’re out of options, this is the end. 

*page_break

You close your eyes but suddenly you’re pushed out of the way. The Zealot is there and he just took the hit. It looked really bad and you began to think of Reese and immediately get worried. The Zealot continues to fight off the monster despite the injury. 

Not wanting to just sit around you quickly run over and grab your sword. You swing at the monster and try to help the Zealot fight it off. 

*page_break

(Fight)

*page_break

Finally, the fight ends and the Zealot falls to his knees. You run over to him. 

“We need to get you to a medic,” you bite your lip. 

There was a large bleeding gash in his arm and you can see the rot already starting to spread. You were terrified of this becoming another Reese situation. You start calling for a medic but it's still loud so no one can hear you. 

“The rot is spreading…” He states ominously. 

He lifts up his sword and then mutters a spell under his breath. The swing goes so fast you can barely process when his arm falls on the ground. Before you let yourself panic you help the Zealot to a medic. All you can do is pray that all of the rot was cut off in that swing. 


*return