[head]Chapter 10D: Home[/head]
*label CH_BGN
*temp Cel_Cor 1
After leaving the temple, you found a group of traveling scholars you recognize from a few weeks back. They were visiting the temple and trying to learn as much as they could in the library before leaving for the next temple. You found them in Stormdenn, just as they were about to leave for the next town.

They are traveling to Cavecross and through to the east side of Teville. You figure getting as far away from Summerlight and Davenport would make less people know who you are and you’ll be able to completely start anew. Maybe you’ll be a farmer like your mother or a fisher like your father.

*page_break

You are walking near the back of the caravan, there are a few scholars ahead of you along with their wagons. You can’t hear what the merchants are saying, but they seem to be in deep conversation about something. Possibly something to do with a conflict in ideology between the temples they have visited.

As you are looking around, keeping an eye on the forest, you see a deep cut in a tree. It looks like something was embedded in the tree for a period of time, the mark is deep enough that the new growth hasn’t erased the mark yet. It reminds you of the time a salesman came to Summerlight and told everyone that he hid an axe in the forest and the first person to find it gets a free weapon.

You weren’t the one to find it, but you remember  the person who did. You asked them later where it was and they took you into the forest and showed you. It wasn’t that far off the beaten path, just enough that it wasn’t visible to the unaware. You’re surprised that you noticed the tree, but you shook it off. No need to worry about it now.

*page_break

*image images/Mockgarden_Cluster.webp

As you were pondering over the tree, you run into one of the scholars ahead of you.

“Careful, there is a mockguarden to the left of us.” The scholar says as the entire group moves to the right side of the road.

It’s not the best way you’ve seen a group point out at mockguarden, but it got everyone out of the way and no one got hurt. At least it wasn’t in the middle of the road, last time there was a huge mockguarden, no one knew what to do. You had to show them a side path to get around it.

Taking a closer look at the mockguarden hole, you notice that it looks vaguely familiar. Bigger than you remembered, but there are markings around the hole that remind you of something. You can’t place what exactly, but you feel as though you’ve been here before.

As you are pondering where you may have seen those mockguardens from, you see something in the distance. It’s a mossy hollowed out log that looks like it’s been there for a long time. The sight of it makes your blood go cold. You know exactly where you are.

*page_break
You and Reese used to play by that log. It was the farthest either of you would go before that dreadful day. After that day, you wouldn’t dare go this far into the forest without company and a dagger.

As if to mock you, the merchants walk up to a fork in the road and to the sign pointing left says ‘Summerlight’. The scholars stand around the sign for a little bit discussing if they should stop there for the night.

“It’s almost dark, if there is no temple we could always stay at the inn. We won’t make it to the next major town until long after sundown.” One of the scholars points out.

The other scholars nod in agreement and the head of the group sighs. “Fine, I’ve been here before, we’ll want to go to the inn. The temple here can barely even be called a temple. You, traveler. You will have to pay for your own bed or find another place to stay. We do not have the coin to pay for you.”

You nod, “That’s fine, I wasn’t planning on staying that long anyways. I have a place nearby I can stay at for the night. Maybe I will find you again by Cavecross.”

He looks at you in confusion, but leaves it alone after seeing the confidence in your face. After gathering the rest of the scholars and explaining the plan, he starts down the path towards Summerlight.You stay at the fork in the road and watch them leave, debating on where you should go.

*page_break
There is an old hut back down the road that your father used to take you to when the two of you traveled. However, you don’t know what state the hut is in. It has been many years since you’ve last been there. You would also have to deal with any monsters that are out at night.

You could also go into the village and stay the night at the old temple. It would be safer than staying out here, but you have the chance of being caught by the guards. You would also have the chance to visit your old house and pick up some items that you may need.

Either way, you just need a roof over your head and a safe place to spend the night. Anything extra can be dealt with in the morning.

You are pacing around, trying to make a decision. The light is fading fast and there isn’t much time left.
*fake_choice
    #You go to the hut
        You turn back down the path and try to remember where the hut is. It is fairly deep into the forest if you remember correctly.
        
        After walking down the road for a little bit, you see a heavily overgrown gravel pathway. Figuring that this must be the pathway towards the hut you start walking down it.
        
        It is starting to get dark and you are getting worried. If this is not the path towards the hut, you are going to have to sneak into the village anyways.
        
        Along the gravel path you find a tree that has fallen across the entire pathway. There are overgrown bushes across the side of the path and some mockguardens along it.  You tread carefully down the path until you see what is left of the hut.
        
        It is still standing, but it is covered in vines. The roof is caving in, and the walls have started to fall apart. However, you would rather be in there then outside at night. You can also see some destroyed furniture that you can use for quick repairs.

        *page_break
        You walk through the door and the inside doesn’t look much better. Furniture has been scattered about, you guess by previous occupants trying to make this place safer. A table pushed up against the broken wall, with a chair helping it stay up, none of the windows seem broken, and the door closes.Lastly, it does not seem like much of the roof has caved in, only a small section. The fireplace also seems to be in one piece. Overall, a fairly safe place to stay in.
        
        You begin picking up splintered wood from broken furniture and throwing it into the fireplace.
        
        While you are cleaning up you remember all the times you’ve been here with your father. He passed a few years back and you don’t have anything with you left to remember him by. Everything is still in your old house.
        
        As you threw in the last piece of wood into the fire, you hear a knock at the door
        *if (Cel_Cor = 1)
              *goto CEL_H_C
        *goto CEL_H_P
    #Stay at Summerlight’s temple
        You want to see your old town, visit all of the places you used to go. Even if you can never go back to that life, this is your last chance to say goodbye.
        
        You wait for the scholars to walk farther down the path before silently following them.
        
        It isn’t long before you’ve caught up with the scholars. They seem to have been stopped by the guards and are waiting to be let through.
        
        Before you are seen, you walk slightly into the forest and start searching for a hiding spot. Some place to stay before dark.
        
        You find a tree that has fallen onto another tree. It seems like the weight of the second tree knocked them both to the ground.
        
        You hide behind it and wait for it to be dark. You look off into the forest and reminisce with the memories of playing with Reese in these forests. Playing with swords as knights or mercenaries, there was never a dull day. After Reese passed, you made some new friends, but they were never as close to you as Reese was. They always looked at you with pity, even when they didn’t mean to.
        
        *page_break
        Shaking your head, you look over at the gate and the scholars are gone. Even the guards seem to be missing. You use this moment to run towards the wall and walk down the path beside it.
        
        While you are walking the path, you find an abandoned cart. Curios, you walk up to it as it seems to have been there for a few days. It seems to be empty with very little damage done to it, only a few scratches on the side of it.The most unusual thing about it is the broken crates inside.
        
        Deciding that it is none of your business, you leave it alone and continue down the path.
        
        There are some nicely trimmed bushes along the side of the wall as well as some flowers in the grass. You are looking for a break in the bushes and some trampled flowers.
        
        *page_break
        You remember there being a crack in the wall that children would use to sneak out into the forest. You hope no one has found it and repaired the wall.
        
        When you find the break in the bushes, the crack is smaller than you remembered. Guess that is what happens when you get older.
        
        You throw your bag onto the other side of the wall and suck in your stomach. Somehow, you manage to get to the otherside without getting stuck.
        
        After picking up your bag, you start walking down the alleys. It seems like there are more guards than usual.
        
        This is your life now, you figure this will be good practice.
        *temp X 1
        *temp Y 1
        *temp Z 1
        *temp Q 0
        *label LOOP

You continue walking down the alleys, you decide to-
*fake_choice
    *selectable_if (X=1) #Walk by your old house
        You decide to walk by your old house. You are curious if they have already sold it off.
        
        As you are walking through the alleys, you notice that many of the houses are boarded up. That doesn’t usually happen unless something bad has happened. It makes you nervous because the last time this happened, the rot was right outside of the village.
        
        At the end of one of the alleys, you can see your house. It still has the doormat you made many years ago in front of it and you can still make out your name on the wooden sign by the door.
        
        *page_break
        As you are about to walk up and take a closer look, a guard walks by your house. Despite being gone for many months, they still seem to have your house under close watch.
        
        You figure this is as close as you are going to get to visiting your old house and turn back. You don’t live there anymore and anything of importance is not worth your life.
        *set X X + 1
        *set Q Q + 1
        *goto LOOP
    *selectable_if (Y=1) #Walk by your old workplace.
        You decide to visit your old workplace. Curious if they are still in business despite being associated with you.
        
        You get there with very little issue. While there are more guards than usual, they don’t seem to notice you. In fact, they seem distracted.
        
        Paying it no mind, you look in through the window of your old workplace.
        
        *page_break
        There are papers scattered everywhere, but tools seem to be in place. It doesn’t look like they lost any business, but maybe even got busier.
        
        You wonder why? Not many people need this kind of work and having a rumor of an employee killing a lord made you think it would go under. Not get busier.
        
        You don’t have time to ponder this as you see a guard come out of a nearby alleyway.
        *set Y Y + 1
        *set Q Q + 1
        *goto LOOP
    *selectable_if (Z=1) #Checkup on a friend
        You decide to check up on an old friend. You met them a few years ago during a job and became fast friends. You wonder how they are doing and feel bad for leaving at such a short notice.
        
        You are walking through the alleys when you see a guard keeping watch down an alley. You try to remember if there is anything important about this area. It just seems like a normal road in the neighborhood.
        
        Then you remember that there is a house that nobles would stay in while they are visiting. Not many nobles come to visit, so you forgot that it existed.
        
        *page_break
        They usually increase security when important people are visiting, so you take a longer route.
        
        When you make it to your friend’s house, you can see them reading by the upstairs window. You really want to visit them, tell them that you are alive and doing well, but you can’t. You would bring unknown dangers in their life and you are just happy to see that they are okay.
        
        You go back down the alley, you don’t want to get them mixed up in your mess.
        *set Z Z + 1
        *set Q Q + 1
        *goto LOOP
    *selectable_if (Q=3) #Visit the cemetery
        You head down the path towards the cemetery to see Reese. You are surprised by the lack of guards as you walk down. You guess no one cares if someone walks by the cemetery, something inside of the town must be more important.
        
        It makes you uneasy. Usually they aren’t this forgetful when it comes to guarding the town. There must be a shift change or the guards are nearby, but not in this section. You try to ignore the feeling and just keep an eye out.
        
        When you make it to Reese’s grave, you notice that it does not look well taken care of. The groundskeeper was never really good at caring for all of the graves, only the ones deemed important.
        
        You kneel down beside the grave and brush off some of the dirt before staring at Reese’s name. You stare at it for what seems like ages before your shoulders drop and you look up at the sky.
        
        “Hey Reese, sorry I haven’t been able to visit for awhile, it has been… A few very busy months.” You sigh before looking back at the grave.
        
        “Lord Odel is dead, you know, the lord who disliked arcane users? Everyone seems to think that I did it. I was just at the wrong place at the wrong time. I was walking by the house he got murdered in and the murderer pinned it on me. I managed to join up with the Flames of Sigel because one of their priestesses felt bad for me.”
        
        *if CH5d_injured = "Riva"
            
            “I made quite a few friends while I was there, before everything went downhill. I am not sure when it started, in the beginning all I did was help where I could. Then one of them got hurt.” You look down at the grass.
            
            “There was nothing I could do. The monster came out of nowhere and attacked Riva. I didn’t know what to do, so I got her out of there. I have never seen that monster before, maybe if I noticed the movement in the dirt or something, things could have ended differently…”
            
        *elseif CH5d_injured = "Ivy"
        
            “I made quite a few friends while I was there, before everything went downhill. I am not sure when it started, in the beginning all I did was help where I could. Then one of them got hurt.” You look down at the grass.
            
            “There was nothing I could do. The ogre came out of nowhere and attacked Ivy. I tried to warn her, tried to get her to slow down, but she wouldn’t listen. Maybe if I didn’t say anything, she wouldn’t have been standing in the place the club landed in. She made a full recovery, but maybe she would have never gotten hurt…”
            
        *elseif CH5d_injured = "Cel"
            “I made quite a few friends while I was there, before everything went downhill. I am not sure when it started, in the beginning all I did was help where I could. Then the person who took me in got hurt.” You look down at the grass.
            
            “I went to help them fight an ogre and she got hit with a club before anyone even noticed the ogre was there. I got her out of there as quickly as I could and she made a full recovery. Though… I feel like if I was paying attention or read my monster's book, then I could have prevented it from happening…”
            (Chapter 6)
            “Then we had a giant gathering of all the priests and priestesses. They were visiting from all over Teren to hear a speech from the Zealot. However, something happened. He never came out to do the speech, Cel did the speech for him.” You look at the tombstone.
            
            “Then when Cel was answering questions, someone accused the Zealot of burning down a small town. Cel froze up and Priest answered the question for her. Then everyone broke off into our individual groups. Cel later tried to explain what had happened, but the priest came back to check on us. I don’t think he wants the news of what happened to the Zealot to be public.”
            (Chapter 8)
            (Chapter 9)
            “Then me and Cel got into a massive argument. I was trying to show her evidence of what the other high priests have been doing behind her back, but she didn’t believe me. She couldn’t believe that they were doing such horrible crimes.” You sigh. “I had to leave. I couldn’t stay there knowing what happened and knowing that Cel doesn’t believe me.”
            
            “Sometimes trust and beliefs cloud one’s judgment.” A voice called out from behind you.
            
            It is a familiar looking figure. He wears a green cloak, has dark brown hair, and a dagger strapped to his side. He reminds you of that mercenary you saw many months ago.
            
            “Who are you?” You stand up and ask him.
            
            “Rip Daring and you are ${name}, the person wanted for murder of Lord Odel.” He explains nonchalantly.
            
            You take a step back. “What do you want from me?”
            
            “You, nothing. You were framed for a murder you didn’t commit. Though, I would suggest leaving soon. The guards don’t think the same.” He explains.
            
            You look around, “were you the one who made sure that no one was here?”
            
            “Yep, and I made sure you never got caught in the city. I don’t know what you were thinking about coming back to town and all.” Rip scolds slightly. “I thought you left for the Flames of Sigel?”
            
        *page_break
        “Things didn’t work out and I left. I didn’t know that the scholars I was traveling with were going to stop here and split up with them.” You explain. “I’ll be leaving soon, I just wanted to say my last goodbyes before leaving.”
        
        “It’s a little late to leave now, who knows what monsters are lurking out there. I can take you to an abandoned house to stay the night and then you can decide what you are doing in the morning.” Rip offers
        
        *if (Cel_Cor = 1)
          *goto CEL_AL_C
        *goto CEL_AL_P
        
*label CEL_H_C
You freeze and stare at the door. After a few seconds there was another knock at the door. You slowly walk towards the door and grab a dagger out of your bag.

When you reach the door and look outside through one of the holes in the wall, you see Cel.

You relax and slowly open the door.

“How did you find me?” You ask her.

“There are only so many places you could have gone. Following the scholars seemed like the best bet. You can’t go into town, so I looked around for another path.” Cel explains while looking around the room. “This place has seen some better days.”

“Why are you here?” You ask her.

“I’ve thought about what you have said and realized that I should apologize. The temple isn’t there to help people like I originally thought, not anymore. Something has changed while I grew up there and I didn’t see it. They became all that I am against and they almost tricked me into being like them.” Cel sighs. “I thank you for helping me realize that and I am sorry for what I did.”

*page_break
You stare at her with a confused and surprised expression. You don’t understand why she would leave. The temple has been her entire life since she was a child, leaving because of something so small confuses you.

“What are you doing now? I don’t think you came all this way to follow me.” You accuse.

“We left the temple. Well, me, Ivy, Riva, and Winfred did. Barthold is still there. We are planning on traveling around. We are going to find a way to fix the temple from the inside, but we need more people.” Cel explains. “We are traveling to the different temples and recruiting more people until we have enough to overthrow the current high priests.”
“I came to ask if you would join us? To help us remove the corruption within the Flames of Sigel.” She asks you.

You take a good look at her this time. Her face looks soft and you notice some tears on her robe. It looks like she got caught on a few branches on her way here. Nothing to show that she is lying.

You,
*fake_choice

    #Agree to follow her
        
        *set CH10_ending "shack"
        
        “Alright, I’ll join you guys. I don’t have anything planned once I leave anyways and it will be nice to be with friends.” You reply. “I can’t go into the village and will have to meet you outside.”
        
        “I can give you safe passage into the village, but I understand. We’ll meet you outside of the walls tomorrow morning.” Cel says.
        
        You nod and turn to close the door when a giant explosion is heard. It came from the direction of Summerlight.
        
        Both you and Cel look towards the village when another explosion is heard. A fire is seen at the top of one of the towers and you look at Cel. Cel has this horrified expression and runs towards the town.
        
        You quickly grab your bag and follow her.
        *finish
    #Decline her invitation
        
        *set CH10_ending "shack"
        
        “I’m sorry Cel, but that’s not the life for me. I’m heading to the east side of Teren, maybe we’ll see each other again in our travels.”
        
        Cel has a solemn expression. “That’s alright. I wish you luck on your travels and may Sigel watch over you.”
        
        She turns around just as a huge explosion is heard, it came from the direction of town.
        
        Both you and Cel look towards the village when another explosion is heard. A fire is seen at the top of one of the towers and you look at Cel. Cel has this horrified expression and runs towards the town.
        
        You quickly grab your bag and follow her.
        *finish

*label CEL_H_P
You freeze and stare at the door. After a few seconds there was another knock at the door. You slowly walk towards the door and grab a dagger out of your bag.

When you reach the door and look outside through one of the holes in the wall, you see Ivy.

You relax slightly and slowly open the door.

“How did you find me?” You ask her.

“If I were to leave the temple, I would join a group. We had some scholars visiting a few days back. Following them was the best bet. As for why here, guess you’ll just have to figure that out for yourself.” Ivy explains while looking around the room. “Nice place you’ve got here.”

“What are you doing here? Cel must be having a fit.” You comment.

“Cel is actually the reason why I’m here. She’s… There is something wrong with her.” Ivy looks down. “She hasn’t been around as much lately. She’s also been harsher on everyone. She yelled at Riva for dropping a vase, I.. I’ve never seen her like this before. I think the temple did something to her.”

You step aside and let Ivy in. She takes another quick look around before standing by the fireplace.

“What happened?” You ask.

“After the fight between you and Cel, she started distancing herself more. She would bring books to the library into her room and keep the door locked. She has also been in more meetings with the visiting high priests.” Ivy stares off into the fire.

“I tried talking to her about it and she just told me not to worry about it. We had a visitor asking for refuge for a few days and she refused. She never refuses visitors in need. Even when we have no room for them, she tries to find some way to help.” Ivy looks back at you. “I don’t know what to do anymore. Something is changing Cel.”

You look at Ivy in confusion. Cel is the nicest person you’ve met, what could have happened to change her this much?

You look at Ivy’s solemn expression and decide to,
*fake_choice

    #Follow her
        
        *set CH10_ending "shack"
        
        “Okay, come first thing tomorrow morning and I’ll help.” You tell her.
        
        She gives you a shocked expression, “really? Why?”
        
        Before you can respond you hear an explosion outside. You and Ivy look at the door and then each other before running outside.
        
        Outside you can see smoke coming from the village. You stare at it for a second before another explosion goes off. One of the towers catches on fire. Both you and Ivy run towards the town
        *finish
    #Stay
        
        *set CH10_ending "shack"
        
        “I’m sorry Ivy, but I can’t. If she won’t listen to you, then why would she listen to me?” You ask.
        
        Ivy doesn’t give a response, just stares at the fire a little longer before walking towards the door.
        
        Before she could reach it you hear an explosion outside. You and Ivy look at the door and then each other before running outside.
        
        Outside you can see smoke coming from the village. You stare at it for a second before another explosion goes off. One of the towers catches on fire. Both you and Ivy run towards the town
        *finish

*label CEL_AL_C
Before you make a decision, Cel walks down the path to the graveyard.

“Or I can lead you back to the local temple. The guards never check in there.” She says.

“What are you doing here Cel?” You ask.

“I thought about what you had said. The Flames of Sigel are no longer the people I knew them to be. I’m sorry for what I had said and for not believing you.” She explains. “I’m traveling with Riva, Ivy, and Winfred to the other temples to gather a group of people. We are going to try and fix the Flames of Sigel from the inside.”

“And how are you planning on doing that? They are a huge order and many have tried in the past to varying degrees.” Rip asked. “Nothing good ever happened to those who were caught.”

“I know the risks, but I can’t leave the Order I grew up with going down such a dark path. I have to do something.” Cel explained.

“Why are you here Cel?” You ask again, interrupting the discussion going on.

“I am here to ask if you would join us, come help us change the Flames of Sigel for the better.” Cel offers. “I understand if you don’t want to. It’s going to be a very dangerous time for all of us.”

“Dangerous is understating it, people have been killed doing what you are planning.” Rip turns to you. “If you don’t want to join her, I can take you to a safe place and you can leave in the morning. Make your own choices instead of following the people around you.

You look between the both of them and decide,
*fake_choice

    #To follow Cel
        
        *set CH10_ending "graveyard"
        
        “I’m sorry Rip, but I can’t leave my friends behind.” You explain as you start walking towards Cel.
        
        Rip lets out a long sigh before turning away.
        
        “Come with me, I’ll lead you to the others and answer any questions you may have, just not here.” Cel leads you back up the path out of the graveyard. You are just at the gate when-
        
        BOOM
        
        An explosion came from the center of town. You look over at Cel who has a horrified expression. Just as you were about to start running towards the town, Rip runs on by you two.
        
        Both you and Cel run after him just as another explosion sounds. You can already see that some of the buildings are on fire.
        *finish

    #To follow Rip
        
        *set CH10_ending "graveyard"

        You look between Rip and Cel before saying, “I’m sorry Cel.”
        
        She has a solemn expression before nodding and walking back up the path.
        
        “Not many people would be able to say no to a friend in need, no matter how dangerous the plan is.” Rip explains. “However, sometimes you have to look out for yourself. It might not mean much, but I am proud of you for making a decision for yourself.”
        
        You watch Cel go up the pathway, questioning if you made the right decision.
        
        You don’t get long to contemplate your decisions before a loud explosion comes from the center of town. You look over at Rip before running up the path.
        
        You pass Cel and see her horrified expression before she follows you and you notice Rip not that far behind you. The three of you just pass the gate before another explosion is heard.
        *finish

*label CEL_AL_P
Rip then snaps his head up at the forest. He gives you the motion to stay quiet when-

“(Player_name)!”

“(Player_name)! I’ve been looking everywhere for you.” Ivy walks out from behind a tree, huffing out of breath.

“Ivy? What are you doing here?” You ask.

“I need your help. Cel… Something happened to Cel.” Ivy explains. “She hasn’t been herself. She’s been snapping at me and Riva.”

“What does that have to do with anything?” Rip asks.

Ivy glares at him. “Cel almost never snaps at us, least of all Riva. Not only that, but she refused to house some visitors in need of a place to stay. She never does that, she always tries to find a way to help those in need.”

“What happened?” You ask

“I don’t know. After your argument with her, she’s been locking herself into her room with some books. She’s been having more meetings with the other high priests.” Ivy explains. “The last time I saw her I asked what was going on and she just told me to leave it alone and that she will handle it.”

“People change and there is nothing you can do about it.” Rip comments.

“Not this much, not like this.” Ivy scolds. “${name} I need your help talking with her, she isn’t listening to any of us. I don’t know what to do anymore.”

“You don’t have to follow her. Some people just change and she is a high priest of a temple for the Flames of Sigel. She probably has good reasons to not involve her friends.” Rip counter offers.

You look between the two of them,
*fake_choice
    #You follow Ivy
        *set CH10_ending "graveyard"
        “Even so, there is a moment when it becomes too much.” You explain to Rip and walk towards Ivy.
        
        Rip lets out a sigh before looking towards the town.
        
        “Come on, we can sneak into the old temple. No one should bother us there and I can explain everything.” Ivy says, leading you up the path to the graveyard.
        
        As you are halfway when-
        
        BOOM
        
        An explosion came from the center of town. You look over at Ivy who has a confused expression. Just as you were about to start running towards the town, Rip runs on by you two.
        Both you and Ivyl run after him just as another explosion sounds. You can already see that some of the buildings are on fire.
        *finish
    #You follow Rip
        You look between Rip and Ivy before saying, “I’m sorry Ivy, but I don’t think I could do much. This all happened because of our argument and I might make it worse”
        
        Her face becomes unreadable and she walks up the path without another word.
        
        “You can’t help everyone, no matter how much you try.” Rip explains. “Sometimes you have to look out for yourself and know when someone is too far gone to help.
        
        You watch Ivy go up the pathway, questioning if you made the right decision.
        
        You don’t get long to contemplate your decisions before a loud explosion comes from the center of town. You look over at Rip before running up the path.
        
        You pass Ivy and see her confused expression before she follows you and you notice Rip not that far behind you. The three of you just pass the gate before another explosion is heard.
        
        *set CH10_ending "graveyard"
        *finish
